Off_Board Blink/README.md, before:

# Off Board Blink
Now that we have the whole blinking LED out of the way, why don't we try making things a little more convenient by taking the G2553 off the development board and into a breadboard. In addition to the software, your README needs to also contain a picture of your circuit with at least 2 LEDs blinking all on a breadboard and without a development board. This means that you will need:
* Proper power being supplied to the processor
* Proper Reset Circuitry
* Proper Bypass and Bulk Capacitors as needed

Please be advised that you can easily damage or destroy one of the pins on the MSP430 by applying the wrong voltage or attempting to draw too much current from it. Really check your design before you power up to ensure you do not need request another processor.

## "Do I need to use a power supply to power this thing?"
In the beginning part of the exercise, I would say that you can use the 5V/3.3V rails built into the development board by running wires. However, I would recommend looking into how to supply the processor from something like a battery or the power supply. You might want to look into different types of regulators. For example, your circuits may be powered off of a battery that is only 1.8V, or on a system that can only supply you with 13V.

## "What about the buttons and resistors and LEDS?"
You remember those parts bins in the back of the teaching labs? They contain most everything you will need to do this portion of the lab. You should really make a effort to try and replicate what is on those development boards on the breadboard so you can begin to see what is needed to design with a microcontroller. Mess around with different color LEDS and see if they behave the same as the simple Red LEDs.

# YOU NEED TO CREATE THE FOLLOWING FOLDER
* MSP430G2553

## Extra Work
Once you get to this point, you are pretty much set in terms of GPIO mastery getting the LEDs to blink, but there are some more exploratory tasks that you can do.

### Off-Board Programming
Do we need to keep re-inserting the MSP into the development board to program it, or is there some way to keep the chip in the circuit? For starters, try to connect the header which connects the debugger and emulator (that parts that is really dense in parts) to your chip on your board. You will need to look at the datasheets for the MSP430G2553 and the Launchpad itself to see where and how to connect to the programmer. Next, you should really look at using the JTAG connector that is also available on your board.

### UART/Button Control
Remember that stuff you did a few parts ago? Can you actually get all of that working again off of the development board? Can you control which lights are on, the speed they blink at, etc.

Commit message:

Offboard_Blink: Update README and the main.c
updated the README file and finished the comments on the main.c file

Off_Board Blink/README.md, after:

# Off Board Blink
For the Offboard_Blink circuitry I used the Same Circuit that was used for the multiple blink part of the lab.

# To build the circuitry the parts that I used are as follows:

1- MSP430G2553 (Microprocessor)
	I used the Dev-Kit as a means of power supply and reset
	I attempted to power the board with (3) Batteries connected in series(didn't work)

1- Breadboard (Pin-Type)

2- Green LEDS (2.2 Volts)

2- 330 ohm resistors for the LED's

# Description
The video of the OffBoard Solution can be found within this Repository but I was unable to attach it within the README

The pins that I connected to were the ground pins, the 3.3 Volt supply, Test, Reset and the output pins for both of the LED's

The operation of the Controller functions just as expected. It is a very interesting concept to be able to program the chip and implement it in a different environment. This particular IC would be very useful for creating a project that needed to be sized down and powered by batteries such as an electronic game or other small consumer electronic.

In the future I feel that there is a lot that can be applied to the removal chip concept for this board. I did not have the time to experiment with this portion of the lab as much as I would have liked to. However, it opened my eyes to some of the applications that this can be used for.

# THE FOLLOWING FOLDER CONTAINS THE OFFBOARD_BLINK PROJECT
* MSP430G2553_Offboard_Blink
