Multiple Blink/README.md, before:

# Multiple Blink
Now that we have blinked at least 1 LED, what about blinking multiple LEDS at the same time? The minimum that you need to develop is blinking at least two LEDs at two different rates. Although I am not going to give you a speed, you should probably pick a rate which is visible to a standard human. I really hope that you take this further and perform some of the extra work for this part of the lab exercise.


# YOU NEED TO CREATE THE FOLLOWING FOLDERS
* MSP430G2553
* MSP(FILL IN WITH WHAT YOU ARE USING)

## README
Remember to replace this README with your README once you are ready to submit. I would recommend either making a copy of this file or taking a screen shot. There might be a copy of all of these README's in a folder on the top level depending on the exercise.

## Extra Work
When you take a look at the development boards, you are limited to what is built into the platform.

### Even More LEDs
Since up to this point you should have hopefully noticed that you are simply just controlling each pin on your processor. So... what is keeping you from putting an LED on each pin? Can you actually control the speed of each of these LEDs?

### Patterned Lights
If you can control a ton of LEDs, what is keeping you from having a little fun? Why not try and make something like a moving face or other moving object in lights. *CAUTION* I would only do this if you have finished the rest of the lab.

### UART Pattern Control
If you have been using UART, could you set which LEDs are on or off based off some UART command? Would you want to send an Array over UART such as [1 0 1 0] or would you want to send a byte that corresponds to the status? Can you not only say which LEDs are on, but also tell them to blink at a particular rate if they were on (so LED1 Blink every 100ms)?

Commit message:

Multiple_Blink: README update and main.c comments
updated the README.md file and completed the comments for both of the main.c files for the 2 processors

Multiple Blink/README.md, after:

# Kyle McKeown Multiple Blink
For this part of the lab I used a portion of my code that I had generated in the Buttton_Blink module and implemented it here.  I had first created two blinking LED's with a button press but simplified the code here to be much more effecient and run forever without a reset or any button presses. 

# THE FOLLOWING FOLDERS WERE CREATED FOR THIS SECTION
* MSP430G2553_Multiple_Blink
* EXP430F5529LP_Multiple_Blink

## README
There were no major code changes between the two processors in this part of the code other then changing the names of ports. Since by now I have learned to define them at the start of my program it was an easy fix to reuse this same code between platforms. The idea to use the modulous operator in this code was so that I had a uniform blinking of the lights that were syncronized to a certain extent but flashed at different intervals. My idea of a good lighting design is one simular to patterned blinks that are seen in Christmas lighting. On a small scale this shows the pattern that can be used to blink many lights connected together in an alternating fashion and then blinking together. I played with different combinations of numbers but in the end I decided that I liked this patten the best where the inital blink was set and then the code remains executing in the second if statement. I also tried more random combinations of numbers to produce a simular output but I was most happy with the repeating pattern from the result of the current code.

## Extra Work
For the MSP430G2553 I used this same code to produce the Offboard_Blink section of the lab.
