Simple Blink/README.md, before:

# Simple Blink
For starters, you will need to blink one of the on-board LED's at a particular rate. It is up to you to determine what rate you want to blink it at, however it has to be symmetrical (50% Duty Cycle), meaning equal times on and off. You should attempt multiple different speeds before moving on to the next part of the lab.

## YOU NEED TO CREATE THE FOLLOWING FOLDERS
* MSP430G2553
* MSP(FILL IN WHAT BOARD YOU ARE USING)

## How to not damage your processor
Remember that your microprocessors are not hooked up to a nuclear power plant and they can only provide a finite amount of current and power to your attached devices. For each of your processors you should see what the maximum supply current is for the digital output pins and note it in your designs. Diodes are an interesting device where the V-I curve becomes almost a short circuit after only a couple volts. If you have a diode biased to operate at say 1 volt above its turn on voltage, you are going to be drawing quite a bit of amperage.

Before you actually begin this lab, take the time to mess around with the simulation below and understand what the importance of the series resistance is in the design. What does the resistance prevent from happening? Does having this resistance impact the performance of the LED?

<a href="http://everycircuit.com/circuit/5180823226810368">LED Current - EveryCircuit</a><br>
<iframe width="560" height="360" src="http://everycircuit.com/embed/5180823226810368" frameborder="0"></iframe>

## README
Remember to replace this README with your README once you are ready to submit. I would recommend either making a copy of this file or taking a screen shot. There might be a copy of all of these README's in a folder on the top level depending on the exercise.

## Extra Work
Since this is so basic, there are a few things which might be interesting to implement.

### UART Control: Single Character
For starters, it would be interesting to tie in some of the UART code that was used before into this project. You might want to have the speed of the blinking controlled by a character sent over UART. For example, 's' could be a slow setting, 'm' could be medium speed, 'f' could be fast, and 'o' could be off.

### UART Control: Rate Number
Instead of depending on a character, what if we wanted to send a blinking period in milliseconds? So instead of 's', you could send something like '100' which corresponds to a 100 millisecond delay between the time the LED turns on again. Before you decide to tackle this, I would take a look at using a logic analyzer to see exactly what your computer is sending to your microprocessor. Also remember that the code previously provided will only service the UART Buffer one character at a time.

Commit message:

Simple_Blink: Update the README.md File
Made changes to the README file to describe what was going on in this part of the lab.

Simple Blink/README.md, after:

# Kyle McKeown Simple Blink
For the Simple_Blink part of the lab, I made sure that the LED was on for the same amount of time that it was off thus meeting the 50 percent duty cylce requirements. This was the simplest of the programs to create as it only involves a single LED. I was able to play around with the MSP430G2553 and light each individual LED by changing the ports but the final version of the code incorporates a single LED the blinks using a delay.

## THE FOLLOWING FOLDERS WERE CREATED FOR THIS LAB
* MSP430G2553_Simple_Blink
* EXP430F5529LP_Simple_Blink

## PROCEDURE
Since the LED was not overloading this simple circuit I figured that it would be OK to leave it out since my program did not function as well with the resistor.
Because of the way that I wrote the code initially for the MSP430G2553 the circuit used no resistors, nor buttons or unique ports. the only port that was used was the same in both the MSP430G253 and the EXP430F5529 was P1.0 which was the at the same location for both microprocessors and no changes were needed between the two modules. As before the LED bit was toggled an followed by a delay so that the blink was visible. the empty for loop [for(;;)] indicates that the light will continue to blink at the same rate as long as there is power being supplied. Since there is only one delay and the bit is only toggled before each delay, this guarantees that the LED will be on for the same amount of time that it is off.
